## Author Contributions
All authors contributed equally to the planning, execution, and documentation of the research project. This was something our group focused on to ensure that no one person was burdened and ensured the group was most successful. All members completed meeting documentation during several project stages on a rotation. The following outlines the specific contributions of each team member:
- Logan led the literature review and the introduction section of the research paper, including refinement for cohesion and flow. He also researched and evaluated entertainment focused IoT devices, completed the initial paper outline, and wrote parts of the conclusion. 
- Tyler took responsibility for research document formatting, grammar checks, and organization of the final paper. He also worked to ensure consistency in presentation. He compiled and managed the GitHub packaging for release, and contributed to the risk evaluation criteria and project structure.
- Josh handled audio/visual tasks, including editing and finalizing the recorded presentation video. He conducted device evaluations for Home Automation devices and software. Completed Section 4 of the research paper and worked on the introduction and conclusion of the final reseach paper. 
- Lucas contributed to the technical documentation, including the creation of diagrams, the IoT security evaluation framework. He conducted device analysis of smart fridges and ovens. He also maintained and final edits for diagram-related content. He worked on the consumer and manufacturer best practice recommendations.

All authors participated in team meetings, peer feedback, milestone preparation, and the final review of the paper. Each team member confirms agreement with this summary of contributions.
