## Meeting With Hale
- Milestone 1 feedback has been shared in Slack
- What is the overall framing?
  - Device Centric or Generalization
  - It was unclear in the tasking
- Be vary aware of Scope Creep
  - The highest liklihood in our project
  - Prioritize the more important devices first
  - Add others if we have the time
- Technical Plan
  - Adding some detail
    - Databases for Case Studies?
    - Tools we will use
  - We need a standard approach to follow
    - Need to build a systematic approach or a rubric for analysis
  - Completion and Comprehesiveness?
    - Definng what we mean by this
    - Time? Amount of items?
    - Get a sense of market share/devices sold in a class
      - Take the top few of devices by market share
    - Device Criticality
      - Medical devices
    - Week 7-8 replace word
      - Look to other security guideline examples
      - ex. Tom's hardware
        - Usability
        - Ease of configuration
        - Interoperability
  - Using the Matrix idea
- Advice going into Milestone 2
  - Building the Product
    - Have the Prototype built and going
    - Focus on a category or 2 and build out the guide for that category
    - Week 6 is about when our stuff should come to fruition
  - Research Component
    - Outline
    - Keep it at a bullet level
      - The more you write the harder the final paper will be.

## Group Meeting
- Categories
  - Industry Trends or Criticality
    - Industry Trends due to the availability of material
  - Qualitative Vs Quantitative
    - Qualitative so we can take research that already exists
- Method 
  - We need to get our method built out this week and refined before moving on to gathering case studies
  - Need to have a matrix/classification table sorted out by thursday
    - Once we have that we can get into the case study gathering
- Timeline revision
  - Re adjust to be back in the middle between what we had and our updated new one
- Building the Matrix
  - What categories do we want?
    - What is in the Categories and Matrix file appears to be a good idea
      - Bundle the first 2 categories?
      - It might be too focused on the independent devices
  - Ease of use?
  - True/False/Hybrid?
    - Always online and Cloud Connection Required
    - 1-3-5 to allow for a total score
  - This is all useless for what weare actually doing
- What is exactly we are looking at?
  - Category, Manufacturer, or device itself?
- Making Matrix Categories for the IoT Categories
  - The approach we are taking with this (Category based) doesn't really fit well with the matrix idea  
- Combine Home Automation and Appliances?


## Team Do Outs
- Are we analyzing Devices themselves or the Categories as a whole?
- Industry Trends or Criticality?  
#### Optional
- Come up with ideas for how to take our approach to the research
  
### Meet again Wednesday to discuss further